---
layout: preview
season: 2017
match-date: 14-04-2018
headline:
description:
quote:
---
Originally billed as our final match of the 2017-18 season, it's Brora's turn to host Cove Rangers this Saturday at Dudgeon Park.

Cove have been relentless this season and travel north with an unbeaten League record that only ourselves, Forres, Nairn, Rothes and Wick can attempt to halt.

Meanwhile, suspensions and injuries continue to hamper team selection for Ross Tokely, though in truth with the main prize out of our grasp, it has done little harm to see the likes of Scott Lisle, Aiden Wilson and Colin Macrae getting valuable game time and aquitting themselves admirably.

Whilst it feels like Cove Rangers have sat at the top of the League table forever (they haven't ... Fraserburgh had a short spell at the top back in October), we still have 6 games to play to try to better our current 6th place.

It is far from time for 'end of season fayre' matches at the Dudgeon, and of course Saturday has the added draw of our [Player of the Year Awards](/2018/04/08/weekend-celebrations/) to turn an afternoon's entertainment into a grand night out.

Of course, whilst we fight for every point until May, maybe, just maybe, Cove will be thinking ahead to Play-off fixtures ... 3 points matter little to them on Saturday. A win for us would set us up very nicely for Fraserburgh's visit on Wednesday evening.

**See you there**, and at the awards ceremony in the Dudgeon Park Social Club at full time. Bring your dancing shoes.
