---
layout: article
category: match
tags:
title: The Unsung (singing) Heroes
description: A tribute to our fantastic travelling support
featured: yes
image: yes
quote:
edited:
---
Ross Tokely and the lads made a little bit of Brora Rangers history at the weekend. A 0-1 victory against League 1 side Stranraer to take us in to the 4th Round of the William Hill Scottish Cup which will be talked about for seasons to come.

Man of the Match, Captain Goals, Steven Mackay, Sid, call him what you want, has scored some hugely important goals for us, but this is the one we will talk about ... at least until our meeting with East Fife in January.

{% include article-image.html image="1" float="right" %}

The whole squad deserve every plaudit they receive for their work at the weekend. Thanks to William Hill and the SFA picking this as their 'Match of the Round' they'll get plenty of publicity.

From a possibly less than overwhelming ['Keep it aff the Deck'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6krMY0m8SI&t=11s) video to the [fantastic highlights of the Stranraer match](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZdzYvfws00) our local heroes have made their mark.

But like any football club, we need more than a squad of talented players to survive. We need support from our local community, we need a fan base. On Saturday our fan base showed they can equal the squad in terms of commitment and passion.

Oh yes, we have some unsung (singing) heroes.

{% include article-image.html image="2" float="left" %}

Whilst some chose to make a weekend of it and booked into accommodation down the road, others boarded a bus at Dudgeon Park at 6am on Saturday morning to start a 300 mile journey to follow their team. With pick-ups in Inverness and Stirling the Red and White Army was on the road. We assume there was some singing practice on the way down, as they certainly arrived in Stranraer in fine voice.

With a reported match attendance of 440, our travelling support were outnumbered 7 to 1, but the decibels generated by the pipes, drums and shouts suggested that size counted for little.

{% include article-image.html image="3" float="right" %}

It was nice to see Cyril the Squirrel making friends. Our Supporters Club Facebook page was full of praise for the hospitality they received down in Wigton. It is what football should be about for those that follow their Club through a League season week in week out.

In the week following the publication of the BBc's [Price of Football study](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/41482931) it is fantastic to see Cove Rangers, Fraserburgh and Formartine Utd join us in the 4th Round of The Scottish Cup.

Value for money appears to be something the Scottish Highland Football League delivers whilst still producing football which can see us compete with higher league opposition.

It's back to League business for us for the next few weeks. For the travelling support that means the weather hopefully sees trips to Grantown on Spey, Inverurie, Forres, Buckie and a return to Inverness before our next Cup game at East Fife's Bayview Stadium.

Let's do it all over again ... 
