---
layout: article
category: match
tags:
title:
description: Brora Rangers head to Stranraer for the 3rd Round of the Scottish Cup.
featured: yes
image: yes
quote:
edited:
---
Some seven years after we gained entry to the Scottish Highland League, Columbia Pictures released the iconic 'road trip' movie ... Easy Rider. Next month we have our own road trip to make, 300 miles to Stranraer.

Whilst it wasn't the first of the big budget road trip movies, the soundtrack was extremely unusual with its extensive use pop and rock music. The Byrds, Steppenwolf, Bob Dylan and, most appropriately for us, The Jimi Hendrix Experience.

Jimi's contribution was a track titled 'If 6 was 9'.

Ahhh, if 6 was 9 we'd be hosting Queens Park on the 18th November. Technical issues, however, forced a redraw and this time we came out of the hat along with Stranraer. Away to Stranraer.

So, a road trip of our own it is. After our 1st Round match against Girvan FC they posted a fantastic Tweet regarding their trip north.

{% include article-image.html image="1" float="right" %}

They make a good point, these trips are part of the joy of the Scottish Cup. Our jaunt to Palmerston Park in Dumfries in November 2014 was a great weekend, and the length of the journey did little to deter our fantastic travelling support. Indeed the length of the journey did little to deter the enthusiasm and determination of the squad to get a result against opposition from a higher league.

Older, wiser and with that experience under our belt, we have little to fear about this tie.
