---
layout: article
category: match
tags:
title: "Seasiders trip to the seaside"
description: Brora Rangers study form ahead of the Scottish Cup 1st round match with Girvan FC
featured: yes
image: yes
quote:
edited:
---
Discussing the relative merits of whisky distilleries and golf courses at the beginning of the week is all well and good, but it tells us little of what to expect on Saturday afternoon.

Scottish Junior Football Association side, Girvan FC, gained promotion to the West Region Super Premier Division at the end of last season.

They earned their place in the 1st Round of the Scottish Cup this season through a 3-5 victory over South of Scotland League club, St Cuthbert Wanderers.

Back in November 2010 Girvan made it through to the 3rd round before being knocked out by Stranraer. Since then it has been 1st round exits for the Ayrshire club at the hands of the likes of Auchinleck Talbot, Whitehill Welfare and Huntly.

Currently sitting 10th in the 12 team West Region Super Premier Division, Girvan come into this match on the back of a league defeat to 3rd place Kilwinning Rangers. Whilst the final score was 5-3, it is worth noting they fought their way back into the game after finding themselves 3-0 down after 15 minutes, so determination and a fighting spirit is definitely not lacking in the squad!

It is their first league defeat of the season, having recorded low scoring draws against 9th placed Pollock, 8th place Arthurlie and a goaless draw against 4th place Kilburnie Ladeside.

For league newcomers, that isn't a record to be sniffed at.

We suspect the Ayrshire phrase is 'Naebuddys mugs', but then again, neither are we. It promises to be a great game ... what better occasion to [introduce a friend](/2017/09/23/girvan-home/) to the delights of football at Dudgeon Park?
