---
layout: preview
season: 2016
match-date: 12-11-2016
description:
quote:
---
It's top versus bottom in the Highland League this weekend as Fort William travel to Dudgeon Park.

Our Chairman, William Powrie, spoke recently about the importance of [our November fixture list](/2016/10/29/remember-remember/) and this should be another step in our plan to keep ourselves in the top spot.

Fort William have a solitary away victory this season, over our last League competitors, Strathspey Thistle. But that doesn't count them out of pulling off the odd shock, as Turriff Utd found to their cost last month.

We've already met the Fort at Claggan Park this season, in the 1st Round of the Scottish Cup. Whilst we [ran out comfortable winners](/2016/09/24/fort-away-report/), the home side opened the scoring and it took until almost the hour mark for a little slice of Zander magic to bring Brora back to level terms. Much like last weekend in Grantown, it was our substitutes that day, Craig Campbell and Steven Ross, who really turned the game and put the Cattachs right back in the driving seat.

Buckie Thistle are scheduled to make the difficult trip to Harmsworth Park on Wednesday night followed by a home game against Formartine Utd, whilst Cove Rangers face the easier proposition of 10th place Lossiemouth. As William said in his Chairman's Chat, we'll be looking to make hay ... probably not as the sun shines though.

After some terrific weather during September and October it feels like November is beginning to bite. Saying that, we have still got some spaces in our [Match Day Hospitality](/2016/08/12/hospitable-hospitality/) for this game. There's no finer way to beat the chill than a 3 course meal with wine before kick off, refreshments and a welcome chance to heat up at half time, followed by more complimentary drinks at full time. Together with a seat in the shelter of the Stand the weather forecast seems less important really.

You can get in touch with [Russell Jaffrey](mailto: russell.jaffrey@btinternet.com) or [David Dowling](mailto: david@cairngormgroup.co.uk) for further information or to make a booking.