---
layout: preview
season: 2016
match-date: 12-04-2017
description: It's the North Derby on Wednesday night as Wick Academy make their shortest trip of the season to Dudgeon Park
quote:
---
It's our last home League game of the season on Wednesday, and thanks to a postponement in mid January, Wick Academy make the short trip to Dudgeon Park.

The earlier fixture at Harmsworth was a hugely entertaining match with both sides providing end to end, do or die football. We expect little to change on Wednesday night, and Wick have a frightening 'away' record this season. 10 wins, 2 draws, 3 losses so far. Only Buckie Thistle, Cove Rangers and, at the weekend, Turriff Utd have taken 3 points from Wick at their respective home grounds (or Inverurie Locos home ground in the case of Cove).

It's a long time since Wick took three points home from Dudgeon Park, but they have had fairly recent success in the Cups, not least lifting the North of Scotland Cup last season at Dudgeon Park against Nairn County, knocking us out in a penalty shootout on the way.

It is a typical derby fixture, both teams, both clubs, both sets of supporters are desperate for the bragging rights. The fact it is a Wednesday evening match should take nothing away from the atmosphere.

With an 8pm kick off, why not make the most of our Hospitality offer. Meet in the Social Club for 6pm and sit down to a two course meal and drinks for the princely sum of £30.00. It's a fantastic offer, and just the ticket for the biggest game of the evening. Contact [Russell](mailto:russell.jaffrey@btinternet.com) or [David](david@cairngormgroup.co.uk) for further details or to book your seat.

Whilst we are definitely claiming this is biggest game of the evening, it certainly isn't the only important match taking place.

Buckie Thistle travel to Fraserburgh for a meeting with everyone's potential banana skin. Fraserburgh have a habit of knocking title contenders off their perch, as both Cove and ourselves have found out to our cost more than once. Meanwhile Cove travel to The Haughs in the return fixture of their meeting at the start of the month. Cove dropped 2 points there in a 0-0 draw

Wednesday night is going to be an important night with regards to the outcome of this season's final League standings ... but the biggest game is going to be the North Derby, it always is.

See you there!
